docs: fixed the contributing documentation link (#199)
jenkins-infra/plugin-health-scoring: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

There are two ways to run the project locally.
Either way, the application requires some environment variables to be configured and a GitHub App.

> * Environment variables: To create your own environment variables refer to:g
> https://github.com/Jagrutiti/plugin-health-scoring/blob/main/.env.example[.env.example]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Environment variables: to create your own environment variables refer to link:.env.example[].
```
